[/resources/images/atom_ani.gif]


ACME LABS PRIVACY POLICY

ACME Laboratories has created this privacy policy in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses the information
gathering and dissemination practices for this web site.

INFORMATION AUTOMATICALLY LOGGED

We log the standard information kept by web servers, including your IP address. We use this information only to help diagnose problems with our server
and to administer our web site.

COOKIES

We believe that the privacy concerns over cookies are mostly uninformed. If you set your browser to only accept cookies from the same server as the
page being viewed (in Netscape, Edit -> Preferences -> Advanced), you are safe from cookie-based snooping. That's really all there is to it.

This site uses cookies wherever they are technically indicated.

ADVERTISERS

We use outside ad agencies to display ads on our site. We have tried to select agencies that do not use cookies in their ads, since tracking users
from site to site via these ad cookies is one of the few legitimate privacy concerns with cookies. However it's possible that these agencies will use
cookies anyway.

The outside ad agencies may also collect information about you, including your IP address, and they may use that information for unknown purposes. We
have no control over that.

PERSONAL INFORMATION

Some areas of this web site require registration. These areas request personal information from you, such as your name and email address. This
information is used solely to identify you to other users within the registration-only areas of the web site. It is not available outside of those
areas. It is not shared with any third parties. And in particular, it is not used to generate unsolicited commercial email. Furthermore, you are
welcome to supply pseudonymous information if you like - we do not do any verification.

EXTERNAL LINKS

This site contains links to other sites. ACME Laboratories is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites.

PUBLIC FORUMS

This site makes chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news groups available to its users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed
in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.

SECURITY

This site has security and backup measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. However,
sh*t happens, so perhaps someday something will go wrong. If that day comes, ACME Laboratories will happily refund triple what you paid us to access
this site; i.e. $zero. In other words, you get what you pay for.

CONTACTING THE WEB SITE

If you have any questions about this privacy policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this web site, there's a mail link at the
bottom of every page.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

[/mailto/wa.gif] [/mailto/?id=wa]